what's happening guys it was not branded
in and today we're gonna be unboxing and
taking a look at an exclusive look at
the new HTC Desire 6-1-6 now in front of
you the box that you see is not going to
be the box that you finally get this is
one of our boxes the kind of boxes that
we get to show you guys what the phone
is going to be like before you guys get
to see it but the six one six comes
after there eight one six which was a
highly popular phone for the company so
the first thing inside the box is six
one six itself the phone itself fairly
nice looking device over here I'm going
to put it to the side I'm gonna go
further in and you'll see absolutely
nothing because that's what they do to
us they treat us like that so of course
in your box you're gonna get a charger a
USB cable and a bunch of things so yes
this is not really a unboxing more so a
hands-on with the new HTC Desire 6-1-6
so let's go ahead and take a look at the
phone okay guys so this phone is
available in the market for around
sixteen thousand nine hundred ninety
degrees so that's what the price is set
by HTC as but if you talk about the
basic specifications of the device if
you can see over here you'll have a two
megapixel front-facing camera you also
have the boom sound sort of speaker
system over here but there's only a top
speaker not a bottom speaker so they've
cut out the holes for the main front
speaker or the earpiece just like they
did in the boom sound for the eight one
six now you do have a bunch of sensors
on the top over here the display itself
is a five inch display it is not a high
resolution display but you do get it 294
pixel per inch pixel density what at the
bottom over here you have a USB port
which is your charging in data syncing
port and you also have a microphone for
your voice calls to the right your
volume rockers as well as the main power
button on the top your 3.5 millimeter
headphone jack nothing on the left as
such on the back is the main camera
which is the 8 megapixel camera which is
capable of 720p video of not the usual
1080p you'll get and you can see the
back side is completely fingerprint
friendly you can see a lot of
fingerprints over there there's this
plastic protecting there
logo let's get that full of fingerprints
as well so you do have an LED flash and
you do have the main speakerphone at the
bottom I would have loved to see the
speakerphone in the front but they
didn't do that as you can see this isn't
some sort of demo mode because this is a
demo unit it is not the final unit but
the screen as you can see is very very
vivid nice viewing angles on it as well
the device itself is running jelly bean
versus many of the other devices which
are running KitKat out of the box so if
you come over here you'll see that it's
running jelly bean and HTC says that
they will try and push out an update to
KitKat but right now it's running jelly
bean it runs smooth on the kind of
chipset we have in there it is the media
tech six five nine - chipset but it's
been down clocked to 1.4 gigahertz on
all octa-core so that will possibly give
you better battery life and slightly
better performance on jelly bean device
seems smooth out of the box really nice
the dialer is the standard HTC dialer
you'll come into messaging over here
you'll see the standard HTC sort of
sense input etc the good thing is
however if I come into a Bell phone once
again you will be able to see if I come
if I can find the details of sense well
it doesn't really show it over here but
the device is running Sense 5.0 so you
get the sort of new version of blinkfeed
over here you can sort of break down
your tent into pieces which is nice so
you can get whatever content you need
you also have the standard sort of HTC
widget so you get the weather
information over here and go into your
grid for apps and you can also change
the grid size to a three by four the way
I like it sort of cleaner you can jump
out you have a central button for
accessing blinkfeed or going quickly
into your app list and then of course
you have the camera which will also have
a bunch of Zoe features I believe the
live photo mode this normal mode but I
don't think it has Zoe features but it
does have some auto capture when smile
is detected a bunch of features will
detail them in a later video right now
the light is too much for the camera
to handle so a bunch of preloaded apps
of course this is not the final version
that launched in India so we don't know
what's going to come pre-loaded but you
can see be chat and polaris office five
for example is over here but the overall
look and feel of the device is pretty
nice you do have a removable back panel
as you can see over here and you also
get a removable battery which is a first
in a very long time you do have dual SIM
card capabilities one is a 3g plus 2g
same whereas the other is a standard 2g
sim and then you have micro SD card
expandability I believe up to 64
gigabytes on this the battery itself I
believe is a 2000 milliamp hour battery
and that's right it is a two thousand
milliamp hour battery which is nice of
HTC because we haven't seen a lot of
removable batteries in a couple of days
so I'm going to try and quickly load up
the Internet and load up our website and
see what it looks like on this device so
we are now connected to the Wi-Fi I
accept no thanks quickly load up our
website and see what that looks like
so loads of the website quite quickly
and snappily you can see that overall
scrolling is pretty smooth it's still
loading up a bunch of elements it did
seem to lag a little bit over there I
guess it's just finalizing loading up
the site and once it's done with that
which looks like it's done now it should
smooth it up and it has so pretty smooth
in terms of the overall usability there
you saw a bit of lag in pinching in and
pinching out could be the fact that it's
not the latest version of the Chrome
browser I believe it's downloading some
stuff in the background and plus the
underclock chipset might be affecting it
but scrolling seems to be really smooth
switch to landscape again scrolling
seems to be smooth pinching in and
pinching out also seems to be smooth on
this so pretty recent I'd say for the
browser of course you have bunch of
other browsers that you can download
from the Google Play Store they have
something called video highlights which
also works really well for your device
so there you go guys I'm just gonna like
quickly play a video as well I want to
see what the screen and what the speaker
sounds like is it loud enough or not I
just want to go check that out so I'm
going to jump into this and just load up
one of our recent videos
that's a problem with me the speaker's
not really very loud so that is
something that I am slightly
disappointed with but the look of the
phone itself is really nice they feel
the overall look and feel of the device
is pretty good you do have this soft
touch sort of bezel over here the glossy
back may not be appreciated by all it's
really fingerprint friendly but it gives
a nice overall look to the device it
looks pretty decent according to me so I
am pretty happy with the overall device
what is your opinion guys we'll be back
with our usual stuff for the 6-1-6 so
leave your comments requirements in the
comment section below and I'll see you
guys in the next one